hello welcome on planet droid
welcome to subscribers and to all those and
those who watch this video how
drawn and made a portrait from
a photo when we are not necessarily
good in drawing some time ago I
have already presented this application
for tablets and notebooks that me
allows you to make photo montages
easily install fake tofu
there is simple I download them on
google play and its use is at
the reach of all those who
want to make photo montages
to use photofunia you have to be
connected to your wifi or 3g network
the application contains more than 400
photo montage and it's free for
navigate in fake tofu did it
scroll through the pages with your finger from
left to right or from top to bottom to
select a photo montage
the fixtures are categorized
novelties and I can use the button
favorites which is at the top right
to find the montages I like
favorite alapage so now I'm going
explain to you the editing that I
used to achieve a drawing effect
from a photo in the window
category i select from huawei and
spence he must wing hd then I choose
a photo that are in my
library and I select a
portrait the window gives me a glimpse
from the photo I just selected
then I press the button
ok which is at the top right
now I confirm the treatment of
the photo by pressing the
ok button at the top right the picture is
processed by the application in a few
seconds and then if the results pleases me
I save it with the button
looks like a floppy up to
right
so what you need to know is that the
originals are not destroyed they are
preserved since the application
keep montages in a folder
photofunia you can share
directly your montages photos from
the app on social networks
like facebook
in most photo montages
the photo application was there offers me
options like here i can add some
the texture to mimic and accentuate the
pellet paper or add color
in the way crayons you
if you wish later
print your portrait on paper
I'm drawing as lé early in the
video
in this example I used photos
in black and white but I can also
used color photos what I
recommend you with this photo montage
it's the use of photos taken in
portrait mode for optimal rendering for
find my montage photos I'm going
in the file manager then I
select the memory of my tablet or
of my portal and the file is named
fake tofu mine you will find of course
also montages in your gallery
photos this tutorial is coming to an end I
let you discover some montages
pictures that I made with
the photo application was there is I you
also invites to discover other videos
of the druid planet chain on the
following links by clicking on
thumbnails but also to share them on
facebook and other social networks
bye